Are you all right?
Ambulance ambulance
Hello, this is the intersection of Shen Hospital. What happened?
Get an ambulance here, please wait a moment
Big brother, call the second brother to come over
In case the company says something, as long as he can save it
Who called 120? Come to the hospital with me.
It's me, wait a minute, I'll accompany you.
You also have to go and pick up the second brother
What if something happens in the lab?
Gu Sisi can't delay here
OK, then I'll come back to you later.
Pay attention to safety
Brother, where have you been?
Don't worry, starling is still 10 minutes away
Coming soon.
Is it going to die?
As much as I hate him
But I don't want to be killed by a straight city murderer
No, as long as my brother is here, he will never be fine.
That would be fine.
If you don't return my daughter's life